c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\font.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\0.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\1.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\2.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\3.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\4.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\5.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\6.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\7.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\8.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\9.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\background.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\base.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\bird-downflap.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\bird-midflap.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\bird-upflap.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\gameover.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\message.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\png\pipe-green.xnb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.exe
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.deps.json
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.pdb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\obj\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.fsproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\obj\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\obj\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.AssemblyInfo.fs
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\obj\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.fsproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\obj\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\obj\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.fsproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\obj\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\FlappyBird.dll
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\obj\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.pdb
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\obj\Debug\net8.0\FlappyBird.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\ltlou\OneDrive\Desktop\Programming paradigm\FlappyBird\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\FlappyBird.dll
